Add target data config info and remove model output directory text (#396)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/user-guide/hub-config.md

   2. `tasks.json`{.codeitem} - JSON file specifying modeling tasks and model output formats, which may be round-specific. See the [hub model task configuration (`tasks.json` file) section](#tasks-metadata) below for more details on the `tasks.json` file.
   3. `model-metadata-schema.json`{.codeitem} - JSON file defining format of model metadata files. The [template metadata schema file section](#model-metadata-schema) has more information on the `model-metadata-schema.json` file.

Hubs with target data may contain the following optional JSON file:  

> * `target-data`{.codeitem} - JSON file defining a `target_data_metadata` object with top-level properties that describe expectations across target datasets, with the ability to override these defaults for specific dataset types (`time-series` and `oracle-output`). See the [target data configuration (`target-data.json`) preview](#target-data-config) below. 

Reviewer: We updated it to an un-nested object,
```suggestion
* `target-data`{.codeitem} - JSON file specifying target data objects with top-level properties that describe expectations across target datasets, and with the ability to override these defaults for specific dataset types (`time-series` and `oracle-output`). See the [target data configuration (`target-data.json`) preview](#target-data-config) below. 
```

{{'<script src="../_static/docson/widget.js" data-schema="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hubverse-org/schemas/BRANCH/SCHEMA_VERSION/tasks-schema.json"></script>'.replace('SCHEMA_VERSION', schema_version).replace('BRANCH', schema_branch)}}

## Hub target data configuration (`target-data.json` file)

For hubs that use target data, the optional target data configuration file defines a `target_data_metadata` object with top-level properties that describe expectations across target datasets. Top-level properties can be overridden at the dataset-specific (`time-series` and `oracle output`) level. The target data configuration file removes the need to inspect dataset contents to infer schemas and ensures reproducible data validation and versioning behavior.

(target-data-config)=

> ### Hub target data configuration (`target-data.json`) schema preview

Reviewer: It needs to be change to the last version

                            "type": "array",
                            "uniqueItems": true,
                            "items": {
                                "type": "string"
                            }
                        },
                        "versioned": {
                            "description": "Indicates whether oracle-output data are versioned using `as_of` dates. If true, the data is expected to have a date `as_of` column that indicates the version of each data point.",
                            "type": "boolean",
                            "default": false
                        }
                    },
                    "additionalProperties": false
                }
            },
            "required": ["observable_unit", "date_col"],
            "additionalProperties": false
        }
    }

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{
    "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
    "$id": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hubverse-org/schemas/main/v6.0.0/target-data-schema.json",
    "title": "Schema for Modeling Hub target data definitions",
    "description": "This is the schema of the target-data.json configuration file that defines metadata about target data used to visualise and evaluate modeling hub model outputs.",
    "type": "object",
    "properties": {
        "schema_version": {
            "description": "URL to a version of the Modeling Hub schema target-data-schema.json file (see https://github.com/hubverse-org/schemas). Used to declare the schema version a 'target-data.json' file is written for and for config file validation. The URL provided should be the URL to the raw content of the schema file on GitHub.",
            "examples": [
                "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hubverse-org/schemas/main/v6.0.0/target-data-schema.json"
            ],
            "type": "string",
            "format": "uri"
        },
        "observable_unit": {
            "description": "Names of columns whose unique value combinations define the minimum observable unit across all target type data. Each combination of values must be unique (and in time-series data also unique across `as_of` data versions if applicable). The majority are expected to correspond to task ID names but may include other columns as well (e.g., the `date_col` column).",
            "type": "array",
            "uniqueItems": true,
            "items": {
                "type": "string"
            }
        },
        "date_col": {
            "description": "Name of the date column across hub data (time-series, oracle-output and model-output if present). This is the column that stores the date on which observed data actually occurred.",
            "type": "string"
        },
        "versioned": {
            "description": "Indicates whether all target type datasets are versioned using `as_of` dates by default. If true, both time-series and oracle-output data are expected to have a date `as_of` column that indicates the version of each data point. Can be overridden at the dataset level.",
            "type": "boolean",
            "default": false
        },
        "time-series": {
            "type": "object",
            "properties": {
                "non_task_id_schema": {
                    "type": "object",
                    "description": "Key-value pairs of non-task ID column names and data types found in time-series data. Include any columns in the time-series data that do not correspond exactly to a task ID. The `as_of` column does not need to be defined here as it is a reserved column.",
                    "examples": [
                        {
                            "location_name": "character"
                        },
                        {
                            "population": "integer"
                        }
                    ],
                    "additionalProperties": {
                        "type": "string",
                        "enum": [
                            "character",
                            "double",
                            "integer",
                            "logical",
                            "Date"
                        ]
                    }
                },
                "observable_unit": {
                    "description": "Names of columns whose unique value combinations define the minimum observable unit for time-series data. Each combination of values must be unique across `as_of` data versions if applicable. The majority are expected to correspond to task ID names but may include other columns as well (e.g., the `date_col` column). If not specified or null, uses the global `observable_unit`.",
                    "type": [
                        "array",
                        "null"
                    ],
                    "uniqueItems": true,
                    "items": {
                        "type": "string"
                    },
                    "default": null
                },
                "versioned": {
                    "description": "Indicates whether time-series data are versioned using `as_of` dates. If true, the data is expected to have a date `as_of` column that indicates the version of each data point. If not specified, inherits from the global `versioned` setting.",
                    "type": "boolean"
                }
            },
            "additionalProperties": false
        },
        "oracle-output": {
            "type": "object",
            "properties": {
                "has_output_type_ids": {
                    "type": "boolean",
                    "description": "Indicates whether the oracle-output data have an `output_type` and `output_type_id` column. These columns are necessary if hub includes `pmf` and `cdf` output types but optional otherwise.",
                    "default": false
                },
                "observable_unit": {
                    "description": "Names of task IDs whose unique value combinations define an observable unit in oracle-output data. Each combination of values must be unique once combined with output type IDs if present. Use to override the global `observable_unit` in situations where some output types require additional task ID values to map onto target data. If not specified or null, uses the global `observable_unit`.",
                    "type": [
                        "array",
                        "null"
                    ],
                    "uniqueItems": true,
                    "items": {
                        "type": "string"
                    },
                    "default": null
                },
                "versioned": {
                    "description": "Indicates whether oracle-output data are versioned using `as_of` dates. If true, the data is expected to have a date `as_of` column that indicates the version of each data point. If not specified, inherits from the global `versioned` setting.",
                    "type": "boolean"
                }
            },
            "additionalProperties": false
        },
        "additional_metadata": {
            "description": "Optional property in which any type of custom metadata can be stored.",
            "type": "object",
            "additionalProperties": true
        }
    },
    "required": [
        "schema_version",
        "observable_unit",
        "date_col"
    ],
    "additionalProperties": false
}
```
